.TH show 1 "October 2025" "show" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
show \- stream a terminal's stdout to the browser
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B <command>
\|\|\| 
.B show
\ [\-p \fIPORT\fR]
\ [\-host \fIADDR\fR]
\ [\-title \fITITLE\fR]
\ [\-history \fIBYTES\fR]
\ [\-pty]
\ [\-version]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B show
reads from standard input and serves a live, accurate rendering of that
output over HTTP. It is designed to work with quick commands and long\-running
streams alike. The browser page uses xterm.js and Server\-Sent Events (SSE)
to display colors and control sequences.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-p \fIPORT\fR
Port to listen on (default: 8000).
.TP
.B \-host \fIADDR\fR
Interface/address to bind (default: 127.0.0.1).
.TP
.B \-title \fITITLE\fR
Page title shown in the browser (default: "show").
.TP
.B \-history \fIBYTES\fR
Maximum bytes of output retained for replay on connect or reconnect
(default: 16777216; 0 = unlimited).
.TP
.B \-version
Print version and exit.
.TP
.B \-pty
Run a command under a pseudo\-terminal and mirror output to the local terminal
while streaming to the browser. Use after options, followed by \fB--\fR and the
command to run.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Stream a directory listing with colors:
.nf
    ls --color=always -la | show -p 8000
.fi
.TP
Stream a long\-running program in batch mode:
.nf
    top -b | show -p 8000
.fi
.
.TP
Run an interactive TUI with PTY support:
.nf
    show -pty -- btop
.fi
Open http://localhost:8000 in a browser to view the output.
.SH NOTES
Some commands disable color when stdout is not a TTY. Force color where
needed (e.g., \fB--color=always\fR). Interactive TUIs that require a TTY
may not render perfectly unless run in a batch/non\-interactive mode.
.SH EXIT STATUS
Returns 0 on success, non\-zero on fatal error.
.SH AUTHOR
Elijah Melton
.SH HOMEPAGE
https://github.com/elimelt/show
